Hi Tim & Marvin,

I spoke with Regie yesterday.
She mentioned she’s under a lot of stress given her personal situation, but that she would still like this to remain private. She doesn’t want to speak about it at work, and as discussed, if we can please ensure all team members are refraining from physical touch.

We spoke about Pravin, she mentioned she was not trying to upset him or disrespect him, she was just trying to explain the situation after the feedback had provided with her upon your return.
She said there was a bit of tension after this but that she thinks this is getting better. I said I would not speak to Pravin at this point, because I don’t want to make him feel as though he is in any trouble, but if you think I should speak to him just let me know and I’ll reach out.

Please just be mindful in the information that is being shared between the kitchen team. It seems there might be some concern around miscommunication or information not being relayed in the same context.

We also discussed:
-	No chefs (including Regie) should be taking their personal belongings into the kitchen 
o	Food safety hazard, hygiene concerns, trip hazard
o	Regie agreed to this
-	Importance of clocking in and out for shifts
-	Importance of getting approval from Managers prior to changing your shift time
-	Beef cheeks – Regie insists she did not take any home
o	Due to the delay in this being addressed and that Jovi has also finished up, I think we need to leave this situation. But if there are further concerns, please let P&C know straight away so we can address this too. 
-	It is not an expectation to take the BEOs/menus home to review
o	Chefs can if they want to, but it is not a requirement from our side
-	Annual leave is to be used/taken by agreement
o	I asked Regie to speak to you regarding this, however I understand there may be some performance concerns regarding breakfast shifts as well. We will need to address this if it continues to be a concern.

I finished by reminding Regie that her Supervisors need to be able to give her feedback. This is how she will learn and how we ensure we’re compliant and meeting our guest expectations.
I advised Regie this would continue to happen, but if she has any concerns she needs to raise them with either of you or myself. I also mentioned to her that if she was interested in pursuing roles outside of the precinct, we would also support her in this transition.

I hope this clears some things up and is helpful to you as leaders in the kitchen. Please remember, we’re here to help! But we need to be kept in the loop as well.

Kind regards,
can you reply short and concise about this one